# Meeting 001
## Meta Information
- **Meeting Date** Mar 09 2026 @ 7:00 PM
- **Location** Discord
- **Attendance**
  - [X] Arlene Garcia
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [X] Dorje Pradhan
  - [X] Patrick Thant
  - [X] Kiet Dang
- **Purpose** High level COGS108-lecture-project overview and logistics discussion

## Notes
### Team and Scheduling
- Team
  - We currently have 5 interested developers in total.
- Scheduling
  - Winter quarter:
    - No work expected since (1) the quarter is pretty much over and (2) we have finals to be concerned about.
  - Spring quarter:
    - Minimal work is expected due to class busyness.
    - Team plans to meet once a week.
  - Summer break
    - For now, most of us are free.
    - Arlene will be busy until Aug 5th. 
    - Kiet will be in Vietnam for most of the summer, so we will have to work around that, but he can still work and meet remotely. 
      - Ask Professor Fleischer if he's okay with meeting around 8 PM (ish).
  
### Project Planning
- Tech Stack
  - This is more than likely a single-page application (SPA). Since none of us really have experience with a SPA framework (e.g. React and Vue), we'll take time in spring quarter to explore each and decide what works best with our project. It is also derisk for us to get familiar with the tech before committing to one.
  - Backend
    - Take time to see what DB solution will best fit our needs: Firebase, Supabase, Pocketbase, etc.
      - Short term storage: delete/clean up student answers after each section (assuming Professor doesn't want to keep them).
      - Long term storage: student names and ID to see who participated
    - We'd rather not go through the set-up of Apache.
  - Hosting: something like Vercel.
- Proof-of-concept: For simplicity, we'll start with text only; prove we handle sessioning 
  - "Graceful degradation!" -Kiet
  - Professor-side
    - Professor creates questions and answers
    - Professor starts a question session
    - Professor can:
      - Manually select x answers to show
      - Ask the app for x random answers to show. Let the Professor see a preview of the selected ones; allow the Professor to repick if the selection isn't good. This is to prevent questionable things from being presented to lecture. 
    - Professor ends session and can show answers
  - Student-side
    - Students log-in with Google OAuth to verify @ucsd.edu emails
    - Students can send answers
    


## To-Do
### Assignments
| Person     | Task | 
| ---------  | ---- |
| Arlene G.  | N/A |
| Ashley V.  | N/A |
| Dorje P.   | N/A |
| Patrick T. | N/A |
| Kiet D.    | N/A |

### Questions
None at the time of meeting. Please feel free to send questions on our Discord before 3/13 (Friday).

### Upcoming 
| Date/Time | What | Details |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |
| Mar 13 2026 @ ~11:00 AM | Meeting | High-level project and logistics discussion with Professor Fleischer; Kiet and Ashley are going. |