# Meeting 002
## Meta Information
- **Meeting Date** Mar 13 2026 @ 11:00 AM
- **Location** Cognitive Sciences Building Room 257, UCSD
- **Attendance**
  - [ ] Arlene Garcia
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [ ] Dorje Pradhan
  - [ ] Patrick Thant
  - [X] Kiet Dang
  - [X] Professor Jason Fleischer
- **Purpose** High level back-and-forth of project concept, ideas, and rough roadmap with Professor Fleischer

## Notes
### Scheduling and Roadmap
#### Spring Quarter
This is going to be used for learning and exploring our options for front and backend technologies. We have the OK to do this from Prof. Fleischer.

What we're going to look at:
- Frontend Technologies
  - React
  - Vue
  - Svelte
- Backend Technologies
  - Supabase
  - Firebase
  - etc.

These are likely going to be mini-projects we experiment with and likely are going to be our first architectural decision records (ADRs).

#### Summer
At this time, the project can go into full-swing

### Project and Ideas
#### The Crux
Professor will create and "post" questions to the class to answer.

#### Questions and Answers
| Question | Answer |
| ----     | ----   |
| Is Professor looking for this project to be a replacement for Google Forms? (Google Forms currently being the tool used for lecture check-ins) | Yes, basically. |
| Should answers be correlated back to students? | Yes, in the event that someone decides to draw/write something naughty. This could be an option to get attendance, but that's not necessarily the primary goal. |

  - **QUESTION** What does professor want to collect (if anything) e.g. names, student PIDs, answers? Should answers be traced back to the student or should they be divorced (i.e. unassociated)?
        - Could be used for attendance but not necessarily
        - Main goal: collect drawings, collect random subset of drawings as a base goal
        - Stretch goal: percentages to calculate good and bad drawings
    - Research?
- Set up shared doc or repo
  - Clear definitions of tasks and difference performance levels (stretch goals, what to get done).
    - Maybe integrate with Google Forms, not an expectation; professional alternatives don't provide the desired drawing feature

- TA view too
- Interface ideas
  - Start w/ random subset of text on post-it notes and let Prof. categorize/sort them into groups (stolen idea lol)
  - Quick interface to quickly reject or accept

Prof considerations:
- Usage of this has 200-300 simutaneous connections (system constraints)
- Drawing on all on frontend --> backend; probably not high bandwidth
- Prof. next quarter can do a survey about student devices they use
  - (1) ask them to install an app (2) browser-- probably easiest
  - Survey questions:
    - Laptops: ask if they have a trackpad
    - Computation power, age?
    - What browsers?

Invite Prof to team/repo!
- Documentation! Make it public so that other people can use it for other classes for expansion.
  
### Project Planning
- Proof-of-concept: For simplicity, we'll start with text only; prove we handle sessioning 
  - "Graceful degradation!" -Kiet
  - Professor-side
    - Professor creates questions and answers
    - Professor starts a question session
    - Professor can:
      - Manually select x answers to show
      - Ask the app for x random answers to show. Let the Professor see a preview of the selected ones; allow the Professor to repick if the selection isn't good. This is to prevent questionable things from being presented to lecture. 
    - Professor ends session and can show answers
  - Student-side
    - Students log-in with Google OAuth to verify @ucsd.edu emails
      - International students don't actually have @ucsd.edu emails and have a different email. This wouldn't work.
    - Students can send answers
    


## To-Do
### Assignments
| Person     | Task | 
| ---------  | ---- |
| Arlene G.  | N/A  |
| Ashley V.  | Invite Prof. Fleischer to the org/repo  |
| Dorje P.   | N/A  |
| Patrick T. | N/A  |
| Kiet D.    | N/A  |

### Questions
...

### Upcoming 
| Date/Time | What | Details |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |
| - | - | - |