# Meeting Notes 003
## Meta Information
- **Meeting Date** Apr 11 2026 @ 7:00 PM
- **Location** Discord
- **Attendance**
  - [ ] Arlene Garcia
  - [X] Ashley Vo
  - [X] Dorje Pradhan
  - [X] Patrick Thant
  - [ ] Kiara Singh (tentative)
  - [X] Kiet Dang
- **Purpose** Go over a rough plan for spring quarter and our first "learning" sprint

## Agenda
- [X] Logistics
  - [X] Team availability check
  - [X] Develop a tentative schedule
    - [X] Choose a day for weekly spring meetings
    - [X] Official team docs for (1) concrete team structure and expectations (2) if new people are onboarded to the team and/or project (3) outside collaborators know how we function
- [X] Spring quarter plans
  - [X] Project planning
    - [X] Research existing tools/"competitors" for inspiration
      - [Webclicker repository](github.com/Joeyonng/WebClicker)
    - [X] Survey creation and development (draft -> feedback with Prof. Fleischer -> final changes -> gather data?)
    - [X] Project architecture
  - [X] Learning sprints
    - [X] What should be our first: SPA framework?
    - [X] Duration?
- Wrap-up
  - Questions 

## Notes
### Logistics
- Team availability check
  - Spring quarter
    - Everyone in the meeting is still ok to do our technology exploration. We anticipate week 4 onwards to be a bit more demanding of our time from classes.
- Tentative schedule
  - Weekly meetings are still ok.
  - Weekends are typically good: Saturday meetings in the evening.

### Spring Quarter Planning
- Hopefully, we can get survey data before the end of spring quarter. This is to be discussed in a future meeting.

### First Sprint
- Goal: research
  - Architecture/features
  - Tool stack: framework(s) and backend
  - Existing "competitors"
    - [Webclicker repository](github.com/Joeyonng/WebClicker)
- Report back with:
  - **Two** (2) existing competitors (no researching Webclicker- I'm 90% sure we all have used it; although, if you wish to say what is good/bad about it as extra, feel free to do so)
    - What do they do well? (UI, features, etc.)
    - What are they missing? (UI, features, etc.)
  - Play around with **one** (1) framework of your choice (e.g. React, Vue, Svelte); this can extend into the next sprint(s) if needed
  - List of features: these don't have to be detailed, but make them relevant to the use case in a lecture setting (e.g. it might be good to think about what features exist in a lecturer view versus student view).
    - On Google OAuth: "While @ucsd.edu email auth. is good, this can pose an issue with international students who may not have such an email (Professor has mentioned he typically would expect 2-3 cases per quarter)" ([source](./002_20260313_notes.md#the-crux))

## To-Do
### Assignments
#### Teamwide Tasks
| Task | Due  |
| ---- | ---- |
| See [first sprint](#first-sprint); we'll make a new repo for research if you want to put your notes there (to be posted in Discord) | ~~Apr 18 meeting~~ Apr 25 meeting |

### Upcoming 
| Date/Time | What | Details |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |
| ~~Apr 18 2026 @ ~7:30 PM~~ Apr 25 2026 @ ~7:00PM | Meeting | First sprint discussion; second sprint planning |